Exam A
QUESTION 1 Which three VMware-recommended best practices should an administrator follow before upgrading to vSphere 6.5? (Choose three.)
A. Disconnect ESXi host from vCenter. B. VMware Tools are installed in the virtual machine. C. Ensure that the system hardware complies with ESXi requirements. D. Back up the host. E. Check the interoperability of any other software integrated with vSphere.
Correct Answer: CDE Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: As is logical for any software update, first backup the host. The check to ensure system hardware compatibility according to ESXi requirements. You also need to check interoperability of software integrated with vSphere.
QUESTION 2 What are two requirements to enable EVC in vSphere DRS cluster? (Choose two.)
A. CPUs must be from the same vendor. B. EVC must use the lowest possible baseline supported by the hardware. C. CPUs must be in the same family and of the same speed. D. No VMs may be running in the cluster.
Correct Answer: AB Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/index.jsp#com.vmware.vsphere.vcenterhost.doc/GUIDFEC87C0B-7276-4152-8EAA-915305E64FED.html#GUID-FEC87C0B-7276-4152-8EAA-915305E64FED
QUESTION 3 Which method is supported for backing up the virtual machine that contains vCenter Server?
A. differential B. incremental C. full image D. individual disks
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.install.doc% 2FGUID-539B47B4-114B-49BC-9736-F14058127ECA.html
QUESTION 4 A vSphere Administrator must ensure that a user is able to view and manage the system configuration in vSphere Web Client.
In the vCenter Single Sign-On domain, which group should the user be a part of?
A. SystemConfiguration.BashShellAdministrators B. ComponentManager. Administrators C. Administrators D. SystemConfiguration.Administrators
Correct Answer: D Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.security.doc% 2FGUID-87DA2F34-DCC9-4DAB-8900-1BA35837D07E.html
QUESTION 5 What is the minimum number of hosts that must contribute capacity to a non-ROBO single site VMware vSAN cluster?
A. 1 B. 64 C. 3 D. 2
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation:
A minimum of three hosts must contribute capavity to non-ROBO single site.
QUESTION 6 What three conditions could result in VMware Flash Read Cache being unable to claim a disk? (Choose three.)
A. The disk is not listed in the VMware hardware compatibility guide. B. The disk is not detected as an SSD. C. The disk is not detected as local. D. The disk is in use by VMFs.
Correct Answer: BCD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do? language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=2065563
QUESTION 7 Boot from SAN is supported on which three storage technologies? (Choose three.)
A. VMware vSAN B. FCoE C. NFS 4.1 D. iSCSI E. FC
Correct Answer: BDE Section: (none)
Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-51/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenterserver-51-storage-guide.pdf
QUESTION 8 Which two components are part of storage I/O multipathing on ESXi? (Choose two.)
A. SATP B. VASA C. PSP D. VAAI
Correct Answer: AC Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: The NMP associates a set of physical paths with a specific storage device, or LUN. The specific details of handling path failover for a given storage array are delegated to a Storage Array Type Plug-In (SATP). The specific details for determining which physical path is used to issue an I/O request to a storage device are handled by a Path Selection Plug-In (PSP). SATPs and PSPs are sub plug-ins within the NMP module. Reference https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-50/index.jsp?topic=% 2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.storage.doc_50%2FGUID-9DED1F73-7375-4957-BF69-41B56C3E5224.html
QUESTION 9 Which quest operating system supports PVRDMA?
A. Windows (32-Bit) B. Linux (32-Bit) C. Windows (64-Bit) D. Linux (64-Bit)
Correct Answer: D Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: The guest operating system that supports PVRDMA is Linux 64 bit.
Reference https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.networking.doc/GUID4A5EBD44-FB1E-4A83-BB47-BBC65181E1C2.html
QUESTION 10 Which two statements are true about Highly Available vSphere Auto Deploy infrastructure? (Choose two.)
A. It helps prevent data loss. B. It is a prerequisite for using vSphere Auto Deploy with stateful install. C. It requires two or more Auto Deploy servers. D. It is a prerequisite for using vSphere Auto Deploy with stateless caching.
Correct Answer: AD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-55/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.install.doc% 2FGUID-62A21FCF-5516-4444-8B38-110325839F75.html
QUESTION 11 What is the correct way to replace the certificate on an existing vCenter Server that is part of a vCenter HA configuration?
A. Put the vCenter HA in Maintenance mode, replace the certificate, exit Maintenance mode. B. Shut down Passive and Witness nodes and replace the certificate on the Active node. C. Remove the Passive and Witness nodes, replace the certificate, reconfigure the cluster. D. Replace the certificate while all nodes are participating in the cluster.
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: Edit the cluster configuration and select Remove. Delete the Passive node and the Witness node. On the Active node, which is now a standalone vCenter Server Appliance, replace the machine SSL Certificate with a custom certificate.
Reference https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.avail.doc/GUIDCDC20BD4-E0CE-45D9-B73B-9AA795DA5FDD.html
QUESTION 12 The virtual machine log rotation size can be changed for all VMs by which two interfaces? (Choose two.)
A. PowerCLI B. vSphere Web Client C. ESXi host client D. esxcli
Correct Answer: AB Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: http://buildvirtual.net/using-powercli-to-set-log-rotation-options-for-a-group-of-virtual-machines/
QUESTION 13 Which two configuration options can exclude virtual disks from snapshot operations? (Choose two.)
A. Use RDM in virtual mode for virtual disk. B. Use virtual disks in Independent – Persistent mode. C. Use a virtual disk larger than 2 TB in size. D. Use RDM in physical mode for virtual disk.
Correct Answer: BD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: To exclude a virtual disk from snapshot operations, you have to set it to independent mode:
    power off the virtual machine    delete any existing snapshots before you change the disk mode    right-click the virtual machine and select “Edit settings”    select the hard disk you want to exclude from snapshots    change the mode to “Independent”
You have two options when you change the disk mode to independent:
Independent Persistent: Changes are written permanently to the disk (same behaviour like conventional disks)
Independent Nonpersistent: When you power off, reset or revert the virtual machine to a snapshot all changes to the disk are discarded! Using the nonpersistent mode enables you to restart a virtual machine with a virtual disk in the same state every time.
So if you do not want to loose data when changing the power state of the virtual machine, you should take care to use the Independent Persistent mode!
Reference http://www.running-system.com/how-to-exclude-a-dedicated-virtual-disk-from-snapshots/
QUESTION 14 The vSphere Data Protection performance analysis results in the “Conditionally Passed” status.
What can cause this condition?
A. The results did not meet the minimum performance expectations. B. The read, write, and seek tests were successful. C. The read and write tests were successful but the seek test failed. D. The read and write tests were successful but the seek test skipped.
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-65/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vmware-data-protectionadministration-guide-61.pdf (page 71)
QUESTION 15 A vSphere Administrator wants to reserve 0.5 Gbps for virtual machines on each uplink on a disturbed switch that has 10 uplinks.
What is the quota that should be reserved for the network resource pool?
A. 10 Gbps B. 5 Gbps C. 100 Gbps D. 0.5 Gbps
Correct Answer: B Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: If the virtual machine system traffic has 0.5 Gbps reserved on each 10 GbE uplink on a distributed switch that has 10 uplinks, then the total aggregated bandwidth available for VM reservation on this switch is 5 Gbps. Each network resource pool can reserve a quota of this 5 Gbps capacity. Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.networking.doc %2FGUID-8E957535-7969-4E12-BD11-DF746D6D5379.html
QUESTION 16 A vSphere administrator manages a cluster which includes critical and non-critical virtual machines. The cluster requires different permissions for contractors and non-contractors.
How can the administrator exclude the contractor group from some of the critical VMs?
A. Apply permission for both contractors and non-contractors on the cluster level. B. Apply permission for both contractors and non-contractors on the cluster level. Remove permission on the critical VMs for contractors. C. Remove permission for contractors on the cluster level. Apply permission on the critical VMs for noncontractors. D. Apply permission for both contractors and non-contractors on the VMs. Remove permission on the critical VMs for contractors.
Correct Answer: B Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: To exclude the contractor group simple apply permission for both contractors and non-contrators on the cluster level. After that, remove premission on the critical VMs for contractors.
QUESTION 17 Which two storage configurations on the source server are unsupported with VMware Converter? (Choose two.)
A. Linux LVM B. software RAID C. GPT/MBR hybrid disks D. Windows basic volumes E. Windows dynamic volumes
Correct Answer: BC Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do? language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=1016330
QUESTION 18 Which two statements about vCenter HA are correct? (Choose two.)
A. ESXi 5.5 or later is required. B. vCenter HA network latency between nodes must be less than 50 ms. C. NFS datastore is supported. D. It must be deployed on a 3 ESXi host cluster with DRS enabled.
Correct Answer: AC Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation:
Reference https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.avail.doc/GUID8FD87389-8CC9-4298-8B08-A1526FB44524.html
QUESTION 19 An attempt to delete NFS datastore from a ESXi host returns the error:
Sysinfo error on operation returned the following status: Busy
Which two statements could explain this failure? (Choose two.)
A. NFS datastore is a part of Storage DRS Cluster. B. NFS.VolumeRemountFrequency value is set to 30. C. Storage I/O Control is enabled on NFS datastore. D. NFS datastore has running or registered virtual machines.
Correct Answer: CD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: The busy status indicated that either storage I/O control is enabled on NFS datastore or the NFS datastore is running on registered virtual machines. In both cases, sysinfo error on operation will be returned with busy status.
QUESTION 20 A vSphere HA cluster with four hosts has admission control configured to tolerate one host failure.
Which statement is true if a fifth host is added?
A. CPU and Memory capacity will be set to 50%. B. CPU and Memory capacity will be set to 30%. C. CPU and Memory capacity will be set to 25%. D. CPU and Memory capacity will be set to 20%.
Correct Answer: D
Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: Select the Percentage of Cluster Resources Reserved admission control policy. This policy offers the most flexibility in terms of host and virtual machine sizing. When configuring this policy, choose a percentage for CPU and memory that reflects the number of host failures you want to support. For example, if you want vSphere HA to set aside resources for two host failures and have ten hosts of equal capacity in the cluster, then specify 20%
Reference https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-51/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.avail.doc% 2FGUID-39731BEC-EB0C-48C9-813B-CAF9DE884FD5.html
QUESTION 21 Which command can be run to troubleshoot connectivity problems with vmkernal network interfaces?
A. esxcli network B. vmkping C. net-status D. vicfg-vmknic
Correct Answer: B Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: The vmkping command sources a ping from the local VMkernel port.
Reference https://kb.vmware.com/s/article/1003728
QUESTION 22 An administrator finds that the Microsoft Exchange virtual machines are exhibiting network latency.
What two in-guest changes can help decrease latency? (Choose two.)
A. LRO B. TSO C. SR-IOV D. RVRDMA
Correct Answer: AB Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: Using TSO and LRO on physical and virtual machine NICs improves the performance of ESX/ESXi hosts by reducing the CPU overhead for TCP/IP network operations. The host uses more CPU cycles to run applications.
If TSO is enabled on the transmission path, the NIC divides larger data chunks into TCP segments. If TSO is disabled, the CPU performs segmentation for TCP/IP.
TSO is referred to as LSO (Large Segment Offload or Large Send Offload) in the latest VMXNET3 driver attributes. 
LRO reassembles incoming network packets into larger buffers and transfers the resulting larger but fewer packets to the network stack of the host or virtual machine. The CPU has to process fewer packets than when LRO is disabled, which reduces its utilization for networking.
Reference https://kb.vmware.com/s/article/2055140
QUESTION 23 Which two types of iSCSI adapters require VMkernel networking configuration? (Choose two.)
A. dependent hardware B. in-guest C. software D. independent hardware
Correct Answer: AC Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-55/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.storage.doc% 2FGUID-C476065E-C02F-47FA-A5F7-3B3F2FD40EA8.html
QUESTION 24 What counter should an administrator check to determine if a virtual machine is ballooning?
A. swapinRate B. vmmemctltarget C. swapped D. vmmemctl
Correct Answer: D Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://www.vmware.com/support/developer/vc-sdk/visdk41pubs/ApiReference/ memory_counters.html
QUESTION 25 Which two statements are true for NFS v4.1 firewall behavior? (Choose two.)
A. It closes port 2049. B. It sets allowed. All flag to TRUE. C. It sets allowed. All flag to FALSE. D. It opens port 2049.
Correct Answer: BD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.storage.doc% 2FGUID-70686ADB-961A-46BD-B814-48DCF6C5E34B.html
QUESTION 26 By default, how often is the vCenter vpx user password automatically changed?
A. 15 days B. 60 days C. 30 days D. 45 days
Correct Answer: C
Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-51/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.security.doc% 2FGUID-96210743-0C17-4AE9-89FC-76778EC9D06E.html
QUESTION 27 Which metric in the Exhibit would identify high latency for a storage device?
A. QAVG/cmd B. KAVG/cmd C. DAVG/cmd D. GAVG/cmd
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://blogs.vmware.com/vsphere/2012/05/troubleshooting-storage-performance-in-vspherepart-1-the-basics.html
QUESTION 28 What VM Monitoring setting would ensure that the failure interval for a virtual machine is defined as 120 seconds?
A. High B. Normal C. Low D. Medium
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-50/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.avail.doc_50%
2FGUID-62B80D7A-C764-40CB-AE59-752DA6AD78E7.html
QUESTION 29 A vSphere Administrator attempts to enable Fault Tolerance for a virtual machine but receives the following error:
Secondary VM could not be powered on as there are no compatible hosts that can accommodate it.
What two options could cause this error? (Choose two.)
A. The other ESXi host(s) are in Maintenance Mode. B. Hardware virtualization is not enabled on the other ESXi host(s). C. The other ESXi host(s) are in Quarantine Mode. D. Hardware MMU is enabled on the other ESXi host(s).
Correct Answer: AB Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference https://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do? language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=1008950
QUESTION 30 The business managers have asked the IT administrator to ensure configuration compliance in the vSphere infrastructure. The IT administrator wants to use Host Profiles to accomplish this, but is unable to do so.
Why is the administrator unable to use Host Profiles?
A. The infrastructure uses a vSphere Standard license. B. The infrastructure has servers with various CPU families. C. The user has only the “Administrator” role. D. Host Profiles apply only to storage settings.
Correct Answer: A Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: The administrator is unable to use host profiles because host profiles are not supported with vSphere standard license. For host profile, you need vsphere Enterprise plus license.
Reference https://communities.vmware.com/thread/542887
QUESTION 31 What is the result of a “Consolidate” action on a virtual machine?
A. All snapshots on the virtual machines will be deleted. B. The virtual machine will be reverted to its last snapshot. C. Redundant delta disks will be combined and deleted. D. A new snapshot with memory state will be created.
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: When initiating a snapshot delete action, the delta disk changes are then written to the base or parent
VMDK file and the snapshot is deleted. With vSphere 5, a new option called consolidate was introduced. The purpose of consolidate is if the snapshot deletion process was not successful. In the past there were incidents where a user would initiate a snapshot deletion thinking the snapshot got deleted, yet to find out later that that’s not the case. With the consolidation option, when you initiate a snapshot deletion, if the snapshot fails to delete, the VM will then generate a warning letting you know that a consolidation is required. You would then run the snapshot consolidation option and the snapshot would get committed. Reference https://communities.vmware.com/thread/480190
QUESTION 32 A Telco customer is implementing NFV using vSphere as the virtualization platform.
Which feature can help achieve a high packet rate with lower CPU consumption?
A. Network I/O Control B. SplitRX C. ERSPAN D. LACP
Correct Answer: B Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: SplitRx mode will typically improve throughput and maximum packet rates.
QUESTION 33 Storage capabilities be populated in what two ways? (Choose two.)
A. The administrator can use tags to describe capabilities. B. Default capabilities are provided by vCenter Server. C. Datastores can advertise their capabilities through VAAI. D. Datastores can advertise their capabilities through VASA.
Correct Answer: AD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: http://cormachogan.com/2015/02/17/vsphere-6-0-storage-features-part-5-virtual-volumes/
QUESTION 34 What is the VMware-recommended best practice for Fibre Channel zoning?
A. soft zoning B. single-initiator-multiple-target zoning C. single-initiator zoning D. single-initiator-single-target zoning
Correct Answer: D Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-55/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.storage.doc% 2FGUID-E7818A5D-6BD7-4F51-B4BA-EFBF2D3A8357.html
QUESTION 35 How can a vSphere administrator ensure that a set of virtual machines run on different hosts in a DRS cluster?
A. Use a VM-Host affinity rule. B. Add the VMs to a vApp. C. Use a VM-VM affinity rule. D. Place the VMs in different folders.
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: A VM-VM affinity rule specifies whether selected individual virtual machines should run on the same host or be kept on separate hosts. This type of rule is used to create affinity or anti-affinity between individual virtual machines that you select.
Reference https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-51/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.resmgmt.doc% 2FGUID-94FCC204-115A-4918-9533-BFC588338ECB.html
QUESTION 36 In network troubleshooting it is important to know what upstream switch the ESXi host is connected to.
Which two features does ESXi provide to help identity the upstream switch? (Choose two.)
A. Promiscuous mode B. DPM C. LLDP D. CDP
Correct Answer: CD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: http://www.vmware.com/content/dam/digitalmarketing/vmware/en/pdf/support/landing-pages/ virtual-support-day-best-practices-virtual-networking-june-2012.pdf
QUESTION 37 vCenter Server Appliance Instance can be backed up using which Client Interface?
A. vSphere Client Interface B. vSphere Web Client Interface C. VMware Host Client Interface D. Virtual Appliance Management Interface
Correct Answer: D Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.install.doc% 2FGUID-539B47B4-114B-49BC-9736-F14058127ECA.html
QUESTION 38 Virtual Volumes supports which three VMware features? (Choose three.)
A. Instant Clones B. Distributed Resource Scheduler C. Linked Clones D. vMotion
E. Storage Distributed Resource Scheduler
Correct Answer: BCD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do? language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=2113013
QUESTION 39 What tool can capture network traffic at the uplinks, or vSwitch, or virtual port levels?
A. tcpdump-uw B. wireshark C. pktcap-uw D. pcap
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: http://www.vmwarearena.com/how-to-capture-network-trafficpacket-on-esxi-hosts/
QUESTION 40 vSphere DRS helps to balance virtual machines with available resources in a vSphere cluster.
What three types of resources can be taken into account for balancing? (Choose three.)
A. CPU B. physical NIC saturation of an ESXi host C. virtual NIC saturation of a virtual machine D. RAM E. storage latency
Correct Answer: ABD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation:
Balancing is all about computing resources like CPU, RAM and physical NIC saturation. Vsphere DRS uses CPU, RAM and NIC to load balance virtual machines with available resources.
QUESTION 41 Which three design requirements must be satisfied to enable RAID-6 objects in a VMware vSAN cluster? (Choose three.)
A. vSAN Advanced license or higher B. vSAN stretched cluster C. at least six hosts contributing storage D. deduplication and compression E. All Flash configuration
Correct Answer: ACE Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: http://cormachogan.com/2016/02/15/vsan-6-2-part-2-raid-5-and-raid-6-configurations/
QUESTION 42 Which storage feature always requires the use of third-party software on ESXi?
A. Hardware Acceleration for NAS devices B. VVOL C. Hardware Acceleration for Block Devices D. VM Storage Policies
Correct Answer: A Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: With the hardware acceleration, ESXi hosts can integrate with NAS devices and use several hardware operations that NAS storage provides. The hardware acceleration uses vSphere APIs for Array Integration (VAAI) to facilitate communications between the hosts and storage devices.
Reference https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.storage.doc/GUIDF0FA0117-D48F-4F6F-BE3F-A06BF26F742C.html
QUESTION 43 An ESXi host's VMCA-Signed certificate has expired. How can the certificate be renewed?
A. In the vSphere Web Client, browse to the host in question. Click the Manage tab and select settings. Select System and click Certificate, then click the Renew button. B. In the vSphere Web Client, browse to the host in question. Click the Manage tab and select settings. Select System and click Certificate, then click the Refresh CA Certificates button. C. Run the command /sbin/generate-certificates on the affected host. D. Disconnect the host from vCenter Server and reconnect it.
Correct Answer: D Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: You can renew your certificates when they are about to expire, or if you want to provision the host with a new certificate for other reasons. If the certificate is already expired, you must disconnect the host and reconnect it.
Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.security.doc/GUIDECFD1A29-0534-4118-B762-967A113D5CAA.html
QUESTION 44 Which is the correct order for upgrading vSphere components?
A. vCenter Server, ESXi hosts, VMware Tools, Virtual Machine hardware B. VMware Tools, Virtual Machine hardware, ESXi hosts, vCenter Server C. vCenter Server, Virtual Machine hardware, VMware tools, ESXi hosts D. ESXi hosts, vCenter Server, Virtual Machine hardware, VMware Tools
Correct Answer: A Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation:
The correct way to upgrade vSphere is to start with vCenter Server. Then comes ESXi hosts. After that you should upgrade VMware tools and finally virtual machine hardware.
Reference https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-50/index.jsp?topic=% 2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.upgrade.doc_50%2FGUID-A45CBEE5-C4D2-484E-A699-A5A577244DE0.html
QUESTION 45 Which iSCSI initiator type can be used with any network interface card?
A. Software iSCSI initiator B. Software FCoE adapter C. Hardware Independent iSCSI initiator D. Hardware Dependent iSCSI initiator
Correct Answer: A Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: Software iSCSI Adapter A software iSCSI adapter is a VMware code built into the VMkernel. It allows your host to connect to the iSCSI storage device through standard network adapters. The software iSCSI adapter handles iSCSI processing while communicating with the network adapter. With the software iSCSI adapter, you can use iSCSI technology without purchasing specialized hardware.
Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/5.5/com.vmware.vsphere.storage.doc/GUID7A4E3767-CB54-4E88-9BA8-298876119465.html
QUESTION 46 An administrator is attempting to power on a virtual machine with 32GB of memory. The operation fails with the following error:
Could not power on VM: No space left on device Checking the space on the virtual machine's datastore, there is 30GB free.
Which action would allow the VM to power on?
A. Set a 2GB memory reservation on the VM. B. Mount the virtual disk from the affected VM on to another virtual machine and free up space from within the OS. C. Enable vSphere HD admission control on the cluster in which the VM resides. D. Set a 2GB memory limit on the VM.
Correct Answer: A Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: You must reserve swap space for any unreserved virtual machine memory (the difference between the reservation and the configured memory size) on per-virtual machine swap files.
Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.resmgmt.doc/GUIDAC40823A-695B-438A-A8F2-4B7C51A0D014.html
QUESTION 47 When using "Cluster resource percentage" for host failover capacity in vSphere HA Admission Control, the total resource requirements are calculated from which two values? (Choose two.)
A. Total vCPUs assigned to each VM.
B. Average CPU usage on each VM over time. C. Memory reservations on each VM. D. Total memory assigned to each VM. E. Average active memory on each VM over time. F. CPU reservations on each VM.
Correct Answer: CF Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: vSphere HA uses the actual reservations of the virtual machines. If a virtual machine does not have reservations, meaning that the reservation is 0, a default of 0MB memory and 32MHz CPU is applied.
Computing the Current Failover Capacity The total resource requirements for the powered-on virtual machines is comprised of two components, CPU and memory. vSphere HA calculates these values. The CPU component by summing the CPU reservations of the powered-on virtual machines. If you have not specified a CPU reservation for a virtual machine, it is assigned a default value of 32MHz (this value can be changed using the das.vmcpuminmhz advanced option.) The memory component by summing the memory reservation (plus memory overhead) of each powered-on virtual machine.
Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.avail.doc/GUIDFAFEFEFF-56F7-4CDF-A682-FC3C62A29A95.html
QUESTION 48 Which are four attributes of the Active vCenter HA node? (Choose four)
A. It uses the vCenter HA network to communicate with the Witness node. B. It constantly replicates vPostgres data with the Witness node. C. It uses a public IP address for the management interface. D. It runs the active vCenter Server Appliance instance. E. It uses the vCenter HA network for replication of data to the Passive node. F. It provides a quorum to protect against split-brain situations.
Correct Answer: ACDE Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation 
Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.avail.doc/GUID2D395533-4C7C-45A6-9B5C-0A78C3E3A5C8.html
QUESTION 49 Which are two vCenter Server two-factor authentication methods? (Choose two.)
A. RSA SecurID B. Smart Card C. SAML D. Symantec VIP
Correct Answer: AB Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: Two-Factor Authentication Methods The two-factor authentication methods are often required by government agencies or large enterprises.
Smart card authentication Smart card authentication allows access only to users who attach a physical card to the USB drive of the computer that they log in to. An example is Common Access Card (CAC) authentication.
The administrator can deploy the PKI so that the smart card certificates are the only client certificates that the CA issues. For such deployments, only smart card certificates are presented to the user. The user selects a certificate, and is prompted for a PIN. Only users who have both the physical card and the PIN that matches the certificate can log in.
RSA SecurID Authentication For RSA SecurID authentication, your environment must include a correctly configured RSA Authentication Manager. If the Platform Services Controller is configured to point to the RSA server, and if RSA SecurID Authentication is enabled, users can log in with their user name and token.
See the two vSphere Blog posts about RSA SecurID setup for details.
Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.psc.doc/GUID-ACFFCBEC6C1C-4BF9-9971-04AEE9362AFE.html
QUESTION 50 An administrator is creating VMkernel adapters on an ESXi 6.5 host and wants to create separate VMkernel adapters for every type of traffic in the default TCP/IP stack.
Which three types of traffic can be explicitly enabled on a separate VMkernel adapter? (Choose three.)
A. Virtual SAN traffic B. NFS traffic C. vMotion traffic D. vSphere HA traffic E. Fault Tolerance logging traffic
Correct Answer: ACE Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: * A VMkernel adapter for vMotion is required both on the source and the target hosts. Configure The VMkernel adapters for vMotion to handle only the vMotion traffic. * A separate VMkernel adapter for Fault Tolerance logging is required on every host that is part of a vSphere HA cluster.
* Every host that participates in a vSAN cluster must have a VMkernel adapter to handle the vSAN traffic.
Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.networking.doc/GUIDD4191320-209E-4CB5-A709-C8741E713348.html
QUESTION 51 When migrating a Windows vCenter Server 6.0 to the vCenter Server Appliance 6.5, which two will be migrated by default? (Choose two.)
A. Local Windows OS users and groups B. Configuration C. Custom ports D. FQDN E. Historical and Performance data
Correct Answer: BD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: The following list contains features or actions that are currently not supported:
Local Windows OS users and groups are not migrated to the Photon OS of the vCenter Server Appliance 6.5. If you assigned vCenter Server permissions to any Local Windows OS users and groups, remove the permissions assignments before the migration. You can re-create Local OS users and groups on the Photon OS of the vCenter Server Appliance 6.5 after the migration.
After the migration, the source vCenter Server is turned off and cannot be turned on to avoid network ID conflicts with the target vCenter Server Appliance. After the source vCenter Server is turned off, all solutions that are installed on the source vCenter Server and that are not migrated become unavailable.
Migration of deployments that use custom ports for services other than Auto Deploy, Update Manager, and vSphere ESXi Dump Collector are not supported.
The migration process migrates only one network adapter settings to the target vCenter Server Appliance. If the hostname of the source vCenter Server resolves to multiple IP addresses across multiple network adapters, you have the option to select which IP address and network adapter settings to migrate. You cannot add the rest of the network adapters and settings to the target vCenter Server Appliance.
You cannot migrate a vCenter Server instance that uses a DHCP IP address.
Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.upgrade.doc/GUID5E19B79A-AE4F-497A-9047-3E9AAC1D7767.html https://blogs.vmware.com/vsphere/2017/01/vcenter-server-appliance-6-5-migration-walkthrough.html
QUESTION 52 An administrator attempts to manually reclaim space on thin-provisioned VMFS6 volumes but finds that no additional space is being recovered.
Which could be causing this?
A. vSphere 6.5 does not support manual UNMAP. B. The manual UNMAP operation has been moved to the vSphere web client. C. The VASA version is use is incompatible. D. UNMAP is automated for VMFS6.
Correct Answer: D Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference:
Explanation: VMFS 6 is the new filesystem of vSphere 6.5. The new filesystem supports 512e advanced format drives and is 4098 sector (4K) aligned. It also supports automatic UNMAP, which asynchronously tracks freed blocks and sends UNMAPs to backend storage in background.
Reference: https://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do? language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=2147824
QUESTION 53 An administrator has upgraded to vSphere 6.5 and also wants to use Kerberos authentication for NFS.
Which can be done to the existing NFSv3 volumes to enable this feature?
A. Perform a storage rescan on VMFS volumes. B. Unmount the NFSv3 datastore, and then mount as NFSv4.1 datastore. C. Nothing. All NFSv3 mounted datastores are upgraded automatically during vSphere upgrades. D. Perform a scan of new storage devices.
Correct Answer: B Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: NFS 4.1 supports the Kerberos authentication protocol to secure communication with the NFS server
QUESTION 54 An administrator wants to restore the vCenter Server Appliance 6.5 from backup. Where can this be accomplished?
A. from the ESXi Host Client B. from the VMware vSphere Appliance Management Interface C. from within the VMware vSphere Web Client D. from the vCenter Server Appliance Installer
Correct Answer: D Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: Launch the setup application of the VCSA 6.5 (from the ISO) and hit the Restore button > Deploy a new appliance > Accept EULA > Enter Backup details > Review backup information > Enter appliance deployment target (ESXi host) ….. from them it is pretty similar to a clean deployment…
Reference: https://www.vladan.fr/vmware-vcsa-6-5-backup-and-restore-how-to/
QUESTION 55 An administrator is trying to vMotion a VM from his datacenter to a recovery site. Which is the maximum allowed RTT (Round-Trip Time) latency between source and destination host?
A. 100 milliseconds B. 150 milliseconds C. 15 milliseconds D. 10 milliseconds
Correct Answer: B Section: (none)
Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: Round-Trip Time for Long-Distance vMotion Migration If you have the proper license applied to your environment, you can perform reliable migrations between hosts that are separated by high network round-trip latency times. The maximum supported network roundtrip time for vMotion migrations is 150 milliseconds. This round-trip time lets you migrate virtual machines to another geographical location at a longer distance.
Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.0/com.vmware.vsphere.vcenterhost.doc/GUID3B41119A-1276-404B-8BFB-A32409052449.html
QUESTION 56 Which is required for configuring iSCSI Software Adapter network port binding?
A. VMkernel of the iSCSI traffic must be load balanced using Route based on IP Hash algorithm. B. VMkernel of the iSCSI traffic must be load balanced using Route based on Source Virtual Port ID algorithm. C. VMkernel of the iSCSI traffic must be load balanced using Route based on Source MAC Hash algorithm. D. VMkernel of the iSCSI traffic must be bound to only one active network adapter.
Correct Answer: D Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: (…) ensure each vmkernel port has a unique active adapter.
Reference: https://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do? language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=2045040
QUESTION 57 In vSphere Data Protection 6.1, which is the function of a Backup Verification job?
A. None. Backup Verification job is not a feature of vSphere Data Protection B. It is a manual task - Power it on - Verify the guest OS - Check started applications C. It is an automatic process - Restore a virtual machine - Power it on - Verify that the guest OS is booted by communicating with the Backup Verification agent D. It is an automatic process - Restore a virtual machine - Power it on - Verify that the guest OC is booted by detecting the VMware ToolsTM "heartbeats"
Correct Answer: D Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: http://www.vmware.com/content/dam/digitalmarketing/vmware/en/pdf/vsphere/vmwarevspheredata-protection-overview.pdf (page 11)
QUESTION 58 Which three requirements are needed to apply RAID 5 or RAID 6 erasure coding on a vSAN 6.2 or 6.5 object? (Choose three.)
A. on Disk Format 3.0 B. Hybrid vSAN C. All Flash vSAN D. vSAN Advanced License E. Stretched Cluster Configurations
Correct Answer: ACD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: RAID 5 or RAID 6 Design Considerations for Virtual SAN:
RAID 5 or RAID 6 erasure coding is available only on all-flash disk groups. On-disk format version 3.0 or later is required to support RAID 5 or RAID 6. Need valid license to enable RAID 5/6 on a cluster. RAID 5/6 is not supported on stretched VSAN clusters. Enable deduplication and compression on the Virtual SAN cluster to achieve additional space savings.
QUESTION 59 An administrator has enabled vSphere Distributed Switch Health Check. The hosts connected to that Distributed Switch all display an alert: vSphere Distributed Switch MTU supported status
The administrator has all of the VMkernel ports MTU sizes set to 1600.
Which action will remedy this problem?
A. Configure the Distributed Switch to MTU 9100. B. Disconnect and reconnect the physical network cable. C. Configure the physical switch to MTU 1600. D. Disable the Distributed Switch MTU.
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: You can increase the MTU size up to 9000 bytes. Therefore, a MTU of 9100 is not supported. The MTU configured in the VDS must match the physical switch configured MTU.
Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.networking.doc/GUID53F968D9-2F91-41DA-B7B2-48394D997F2A.html
QUESTION 60 An administrator sees the following error in the log files:
Which two events could be the source of the error message? (Choose two.)
A. vCenter Server failure B. VXLAN failure C. Disk array failure D. Network failure
E. ESXi host failure
Correct Answer: CD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: To determine why the heartbeat, I/O operations never complete: Note the date/time when the lost access to volume message was reported and check the ESXi host logs for related information. Verify that there are no connectivity issues between the ESXi host and the storage device.
Reference: https://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do? language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=2136081
QUESTION 61 Which Host Profile Subprofile configuration is used to configure firewall settings for ESXi hosts?
A. Advanced Configuration Settings B. General System Settings C. Security D. Networking
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: In the Web Client interface, you’ll find the firewall configuration under the Security and Services folder of a host profile.
QUESTION 62 An administrator is attempting to access an ESXi host via the DCUI but is unable to do so. Which could be two possible causes? (Choose two.)
A. The host in question has no out-of-band management capability (i.e. iLO/iDRAC). B. The SSH service is disabled on the host. C. Strict lockdown mode is enabled on the host. D. Normal lockdown mode is enabled and the administrator is a member of the Exception User list. E. The DCUI service is disabled on the host.
Correct Answer: CE Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://blogs.vmware.com/vsphere/2015/03/vsphere-6-0-lockdown-modes.html
QUESTION 63 Where would a vSphere administrator find general vCenter Server logs on a vCenter Server Appliance?
A. /var/log/vmware/vpxd/ B. /var/log/messages C. /etc/vmware-vpx/ D. /var/log/vmware/vsan-health/
Correct Answer: A Section: (none)
Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: The VMware vCenter Server Appliance 6.0 logs are located in the /var/log/vmware/ folder.
vpxd/vpxd.log –> The main vCenter Serverlog
Reference: https://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do? language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=2110014
QUESTION 64 Which two permissions are required to migrate a virtual machine with Storage vMotion? (Choose two.)
A. Network > Move Network B. Virtual Machine > Inventory > Move C. Resource > Migrate powered on virtual machine D. Datastore > Allocate Space
Correct Answer: CD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: You require these permissions to perform Storage vMotion from the Remote Command Line Interface (RCLI): Resource > Migrate Resource > Relocate Datastore > Allocate Space
Reference: https://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do? language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=1011345
QUESTION 65 An administrator wishes to enable network port mirroring based on source port. Which feature should be enabled?
A. vSphere standard switch port B. ERSPAN C. NSX Virtual Wire D. VLAN
Correct Answer: D Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: Enter a valid VLAN ID in the field. This information is required for Remote Mirroring Source port mirroring sessions.
Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.networking.doc/GUID81309F10-D7FF-447C-9D35-58CA3DDA53B1.html
QUESTION 66 Which are three supported storage requirements for vCenter Server HA? (Choose three.)
A. NFS B. RDM C. vSAN
D. VMFS E. JBOD
Correct Answer: ACD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: vCenter HA is supported and tested with VMFS, NFS, and vSAN datastores.
Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.avail.doc/GUID8FD87389-8CC9-4298-8B08-A1526FB44524.html
QUESTION 67 Which three statements are correct regarding booting an ESXi Host from Fibre Channel SAN? (Choose three.)
A. Direct connect topology is supported. B. Each host must have its own boot LUN. C. ESXi hosts do not require local storage. D. Multipathing to a boot LUN on an active-passive array is supported. E. Hosts can share one common boot LUN.
Correct Answer: ABC Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.storage.doc/GUID8FAD881D-7A00-43C9-AB69-66DC7816968C.html
QUESTION 68 Which statement applies to the vSphere Replication appliance?
A. Only one vSphere Replication appliance can be deployed per vCenter Server instance. B. VMware Tools in the vSphere Replication appliance can be upgraded. C. A single vSphere Replication appliance can manage a maximum of 4000 replications. D. vSphere Replication is available only with the vSphere Essentials Plus license.
Correct Answer: A Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/vSphere-Replication/6.5/vsphere-replication-65-install.pdf
QUESTION 69 The storage vendor recommends adjusting the Fibre Channel HBA queue depth to resolve a performance problem.
Which esxcli namespace can a vSphere Administrator use to adjust the queue depth?
A. esxcli system module parameters B. esxcli storage core device C. esxcli system module set D. esxcli storage core adapter
Correct Answer: B Section: (none)
Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: http://www.virten.net/2016/11/vmware-esxi-6-5-esxcli-command-reference/
QUESTION 70 Which statements regarding datastore clusters meets VMware’s recommended best practices?
A. Clusters should contain only datastores presented from the same storage array. B. Clusters should contain only datastores with equal hardware acceleration capability. C. Clusters should contain only datastores with the same capacity. D. Clusters should contain only datastores using the same connection method (iSCSI, FC, etc.).
Correct Answer: B Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/5.5/com.vmware.vsphere.resmgmt.doc/GUID34A10B42-C79E-491C-A5AA-99E3B5FA2278.html
QUESTION 71 Which two tasks should a vSphere administrator perform if the vmkernel log reports VMFS metadata errors? (Choose two.)
A. contact VMware technical support B. reformat the datastore C. check the device with VOMA D. ignore the messages
Correct Answer: AC Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: To check metadata consistency, run VOMA from the CLI of an ESXi host. VOMA can be used to check and fix metadata inconsistency issues for a VMFS datastore or a virtual flash resource. To resolve errors reported by VOMA, consult VMware Support. Reference https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.0/com.vmware.vsphere.troubleshooting.doc/ GUID-6F991DB5-9AF0-4F9F-809C-B82D3EED7DAF.html
QUESTION 72 Which two statements are true for a vCenterServer user account that is used for vSphere Data Protection (VDP)? (Choose two.)
A. The user account must be assigned with Administrator role. B. The password for the user account cannot contain spaces. C. The user account should be created in the Single Sign-On domain D. The user account cannot inherit required permissions from a group role.
Correct Answer: AB Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: For the vCenter server account used for vSphere data protection, the user account must have administrator role and the password for the user account should not contain spaces.
Reference https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/vmware-data-protection-administration-guide
61.pdf
QUESTION 73 Which three storage protocols are supported by Virtual Volumes? (Choose three.) 
A. FCIP B. FCoE C. iSCSI D. NFS v3 E. NFS v4
Correct Answer: BCD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: Virtual Volumes supports NFS version 3 and 4.1, iSCSI, Fibre Channel, and FCoE.
 
Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.storage.doc/GUIDAAA99054-4D81-49F8-9927-65E9B08577AD.html 
QUESTION 74 A vSphere administrator observes a CPU spike on one of the web servers (view the Exhibit.)
 
Which two statements can describe the cause of this activity? (Choose two.)
A. The network packet size is too large. B. VMware Tools is not installed. C. Disk latency is present on the datastore. D. The network packet size is too small. 
Correct Answer: CD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference:
 
QUESTION 75 What VM Monitoring setting would ensure that the maximum reset window for a virtual machine is 24 hours?
A. Medium B. Low C. High D. Normal
Correct Answer: A Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation There are 3 built in presets (Low, Medium & High) and the option to select custom settings for any of these options.
 
Reference: https://blogs.vmware.com/vsphere/2014/03/vsphere-ha-vm-monitoring-back-basics.html
QUESTION 76 What is the default space threshold for vSphere Storage DRS? 
A. 80% B. 70% C. 90% D. 95%
Correct Answer: A Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: Storage DRS dynamically balance the Storage DRS cluster imbalance based on Space and IO threshold set. Default space threshold per datastore is 80% and default IO latency threshold is 15ms.
 
Reference: https://kb.vmware.com/s/article/2149938 
QUESTION 77 Which is the correct sequence to upgrade a vSphere infrastructure? 
A. vCenter Server>ESXi host> VMware Tools>VM compatibility B. ESXi host>vCenter Server> VMware Tools>VM compatibility C. vCenter host> ESXi host> VM compatibility> VMware Tools D. ESXi host>vCenter Server> VM compatibility>VMware Tools
Correct Answer: A Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://kb.vmware.com/s/article/1010675 
QUESTION 78 An administrator has a large boot from SAN cluster and wants to ensure consistent configuration by using host profiles.
 
What special considerations are required for boot from SAN hosts?
A. Change the “Device is shared clusterwide” setting to “false” in the host profile. B. Verify that the boot LUN is correctly identified as the boot device in the host profile. C. The boot from SAN device must report as a local device. D. Host profiles are incompatible with boot from SAN hosts.
Correct Answer: B Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference:
 
QUESTION 79 When using VMware Converter to import a Windows server and improve the consistency of the destination virtual machine, which optional step can be performed immediately prior to powering down the source server? 
A. Perform a final synchronization task. B. Remove the server from the network. C. Uninstall production applications. D. Remove the server from the Active Directory domain.
Correct Answer: A Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference:
 
QUESTION 80 Restoration of the vCenter Server Appliance is accomplished using which interface? 
A. vSphere Web Client B. vSphere Client C. vCenter Server ApplianceManagement Interface D. vCenter Server ApplianceGUI Installer 
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation You can also perform a restore operation by deploying a new vCenter Server Appliance and using the vCenter Server Appliance management interface to copy the data from the file-based backup to the new appliance. Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.install.doc/GUID
3EAED005-B0A3-40CF-B40D-85AD247D7EA4.html 
QUESTION 81 When attempting to migrate a virtual machine to another host in the same cluster, the error message, “Select a valid compute resource” returns.
 
What could cause this error? 
A. Both hosts run different versions of ESXi. B. Both hosts are not sharing the same datastore. C. VMware Tools is not installed. D. Virtual machine has an ISO attached.
Correct Answer: B Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference:
 
QUESTION 82 Which three operations can cause VMFS metadata updates? (Choose three.) 
A. Restarting a VM using the guest OS. B. Launching a VM console. C. Migrating a VM with vMotion. D. Powering a VM on or off. E. Expanding a VMFS datastore. 
Correct Answer: CDE Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: Metadata is updated each time you perform datastore or virtual machine management operations. Examples of operations requiring metadata updates include the following:
 
•    Creating, growing, or locking a virtual machine file •    Changing a file's attributes •    Powering a virtual machine on or off •    Creating or deleting a VMFS datastore •    Expanding a VMFS datastore •    Creating a template •    Deploying a virtual machine from a template •    Migrating a virtual machine with vMotion
 
Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-50/index.jsp?topic=% 2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.storage.doc_50%2FGUID-7A385576-9434-432E-92C4-51E26A4761AA.html 
QUESTION 83 What two services run on all nodes in a vCenter Server HA cluster? (Choose two.) 
A. vmware-vmon B. vmware-vpostgres C. vmare-rbd-watchdog D. vmware-vcha
Correct Answer: BC Section: (none)
Explanation
Explanation/Reference:
QUESTION 84 Which two statements are true regarding Auto Deploy in version 6.5? (Choose two.)
A. Auto Deploy can be configured and managed via PowerCLI. B. Auto Deploy can be configured and managed via the vSphere Client. C. Auto Deploy can be configured and managed via the vSphere Web Client. D. Auto Deploy can be configured and managed via vCLI commands.
Correct Answer: AC Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: http://www.vstellar.com/2017/07/28/auto-deploy-configuration-in-vsphere-6/ 
QUESTION 85 What three options can improve network performance for a virtual machine? (Choose three.) 
A. MLD B. TSO C. NetFlow D. LRO E. SR-IOV 
Correct Answer: BDE Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference:
QUESTION 86 When will vSphere Data Protection delete the expired backup image of a Platform Service Controller? 
A. Immediately after the retention period has expired. B. After the expired backup image is restored. C. During the next backup window following expiry. D. During the next maintenance window following expiry. 
Correct Answer: A Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference:
QUESTION 87 What are three considerations when booting ESXihost from SAN software FCoE? (Choose three.)
A. The VMware_FCoE_vSwitch that the installer automatically created cannot be changed. B. Boot LUN cannot be shared with other hosts even on shared storage. C. Multipathing is not supported at pre-boot. D. Software FCoE boot configuration cannot be changed from within ESXi.
Correct Answer: BCD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://kb.vmware.com/s/article/2032363
QUESTION 88 What are the minimum hardware requirements for a Windows vCenter Server with embedded PSC that manages a “Small” environment?
A. 2vCPUs, 16 GB RAM B. 4 vCPUs, 16 GB RAM C. 2 vCPUs, 10 GB RAM D. 4 vCPUs, 10 GB RAM
Correct Answer: B Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.0/com.vmware.vsphere.upgrade.doc/GUIDD2121DC5-1FC8-48DC-A4BA-C3FD72D0BE77.html
QUESTION 89 Which port is used for communication between ESXi and vSphere Data protection?
A. 80 B. 443 C. 902 D. 22
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://kb.vmware.com/s/article/2034929
QUESTION 90 What can prevent Storage DRS from functioning on a datastore?
A. The datastore is configured for Virtual Machine Swapfile location. B. The datastore is shared across multiple datacenters. C. The datastore is connected to a host that is running Storage I/O Control. D. Storage DRS advanced option IgnoreAffinityRulesForMaintenance is set to 1.
Correct Answer: B Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-50/index.jsp?topic=% 2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.troubleshooting.doc_50%2FGUID-976F5B21-8C64-4C85-BE750D86655E32DD.html
QUESTION 91 When troubleshooting VMware vCenter Server issues, when logging level provides maximum detail?
A. Verbose
B. Trivia C. Info D. Error
Correct Answer: B Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://kb.vmware.com/s/article/1001584
QUESTION 92 Which two choices are applicable to vSphere Availability? (Choose two.)
A. Heartbeat Datastores B. VM Startup/Shutdoown C. Power Management D. Admission Control
Correct Answer: AC Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-65-availabilityguide.pdf