$CATEGORY: Exam A 2018-05-17

::質問1.:: How can failback of a recovered virtual machine in vSphere Replication be performed? # vSphere Replicationで復旧した仮想マシンのフェイルバックはどのように実行できますか？
{
    ~ No action required, because failback is automatically performed to the source site. 
        # A.フェイルバックは自動的にソースサイトに実行されるため、アクションは不要です。 
    = Configure a new replication in the reverse direction at the target site. 
        # B.ターゲットサイトで逆方向に新しいレプリケーションを構成します。
    ~ Disable or Stop virtual machine replication on the source site. 
        # C.ソースサイトの仮想マシンの複製を無効にするか停止します。 
    ~ Power off and unregister the virtual machine on the target site.
        # D.ターゲットサイトの仮想マシンの電源を切り、登録を解除します。
} #### 説明/参照：
参照：https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-51/index.jsp?topic=% 2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.replication_admin.doc%2FGUID-0594C104-1381-4EE7-8C6AA44E9F380AAB.html

::質問2.:: What are three benefits of using a few large-capacity LUNs instead of many small-capacity LUNs? (Choose three.) # 多数の小容量LUNの代わりに少数の大容量LUNを使用する3つの利点は何ですか？ （3つ選んでください。）{
    ~ Better performance because there is less contention for a single volume. 
        # A. 1つのボリュームに対する競合が少なくなるため、パフォーマンスが向上します。 
    = More flexibility for resizing virtual disks. 
        # B.仮想ディスクのサイズ変更のためのより高い柔軟性。 
    ~ Less wasted storage space. 
        # C.保管スペースの無駄が少ない。
    = More flexibility to create virtual machines without adding new LUNs. 
        # D.新しいLUNを追加せずに仮想マシンを作成するためのより高い柔軟性。
    = Fewer VMFS datastores to manage.
        # E.管理するVMFSデータストアが少ない。
} #### 説明/参照：
参照：https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.storage.doc/GUID2C8FAE1F-98F7-4E0B-AEA0-83A4FF16A252.html

  


::質問:: 3 After upgrading the vSphere infrastructure and VMware Tools to version 6.5, the “Upgrade VM Compatibility” option is grayed out in the vSphere Web Client. (See Exhibit.)
What must the administrator do to enable the VM compatibility upgrade?
A. VMware Tools should be upgraded last. B. Restart the ESXi server. C. Uninstall VMware Tools. D. Power off the virtual machine.
Correct Answer: B Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: If Upgrade VM compatibility is grayed out, it is because VMware tools are not installed or they are running the current version. For that you have to restart ESXi server. This way VMware tools will be upgraded or it will ask you to install it.

::質問:: 4 What availability mode does vCenter HA provide?
A. Active-Passive B. Active-Standby C. Active-Active D. Load-balanced
Correct Answer: A Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do? language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=1024051

::質問:: 5 In which scenario will vSphere DRS balance resources when set to Fully Automated?
A. Hosts with only shared storage B. Hosts are part of a vSphere HA cluster C. Power Management is set to Balanced on hosts D. Hosts with shared or non-shared storage
Correct Answer: A Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: The default automation level is set to Fully Automated. This means that DRS will automatically migrate VMs across hosts whenever it deems it necessary. For this, it needs hosts with shared storage only. DRS balance resources in Fully Automated mode when there are hosts that require space in shared storage.

::質問:: 6 Which two configurable options are available in Boot Options for a virtual machine? (Choose two.)
A. Tools Upgrades B. Encryption C. Firmware D. Force BIOS setup
Correct Answer: CD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-4-esx-vcenter/index.jsp?topic=/ com.vmware.vsphere.vmadmin.doc_41/vsp_vm_guide/configuring_virtual_machines/ t_configure_the_boot_options.html

::質問:: 7 What VMware technology can be used to move physical servers to the vSphere infrastructure?
A. VMware vMotion B. VMware Converter C. VMware vCenter Server D. OVF transport
Correct Answer: B Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://www.vmware.com/products/converter.html

::質問:: 8 Upgrading vCenter Server with Microsoft SQL database fails with the following error message:
The DB User entered does not have the required permissions needed to install and configure vCenter Server with the selected DB. Please correct the following error(s): %s
What could cause this error?
A. incorrect ports open on SQL Server B. incorrect database on the SQL server C. incorrect compatibility mode on the SQL server D. incorrect permission on SQL Server database
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-50/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.install.doc_50% 2FGUID-5AA32F87-270C-4171-8896-41A607F8F997.html

::質問:: 9 What is a potential downside of having more than four paths per datastore?
A. limits the storage protocols B. increases storage latency for VM C. limits the path selection policies D. limits the number of LUNs per host
Correct Answer: D Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: While using more than the required number of paths restricts the number of LUNs you can present to a host, it may also affect host resources such as CPU cycles and also every path from a host requires an initiator record and there may be a limit to the number of initiators per storage system. Large numbers of paths i.e in excess of 4 per host may be required in environments where bursts of I/O from other hosts sharing the storage system ports are unpredictable and severe, for example boot storm scenarios where 8 paths per host might be plausible.
Reference https://davidring.ie/2015/01/16/vmware-vsphere-host-path-limit/

::質問:: 10 Which feature facilitates the sharing of templates via vCenter Server?
A. Content Library B. OVF C. folders D. vApp
Correct Answer: A Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.vm_admin.doc %2FGUID-254B2CE8-20A8-43F0-90E8-3F6776C2C896.html

::質問:: 11 A vSphere Administrator is in the process of configuring replication for a virtual machine, but is not able to select the Recovery Point Objective (RPO) value of 5 minutes.
Which statement could explain why the RPO value cannot be lower than 15 minutes?
A. The OS quiescing option is selected for Replication options. B. The virtual machine hardware version is not compatible. C. The target and source sites use different types of datastores. D. The target and source sites are not using VMFS 6.0 datastore.
Correct Answer: A Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-replication-61/index.jsp?topic=% 2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.replication-admin.doc%2FGUID-9E17D567-A947-49CD-8A84
8EA2D676B55A.html

::質問:: 12 What advanced parameter defines a custom isolation IP address for a vSphere HA cluster?
A. das.usedefaultisolationaddress B. das.isolationshutdowntimeout C. fdm.isolationpolicydelaysec D. das.isolationaddress
Correct Answer: D Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://kb.vmware.com/kb/1002117

::質問:: 13 Which three VMware-recommended best practices should an administrator follow before upgrading to vSphere 6.5? (Choose three.)
A. Disconnect ESXi host from vCenter. B. VMware Tools are installed in the virtual machine. C. Ensure that the system hardware complies with ESXi requirements. D. Back up the host. E. Check the interoperability of any other software integrated with vSphere.
Correct Answer: CDE Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: As is logical for any software update, first backup the host. The check to ensure system hardware compatibility according to ESXi requirements. You also need to check interoperability of software integrated with vSphere.

::質問:: 14 What are two requirements to enable EVC in vSphere DRS cluster? (Choose two.)
A. CPUs must be from the same vendor. B. EVC must use the lowest possible baseline supported by the hardware. C. CPUs must be in the same family and of the same speed. D. No VMs may be running in the cluster.
Correct Answer: AB Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/index.jsp#com.vmware.vsphere.vcenterhost.doc/GUIDFEC87C0B-7276-4152-8EAA-915305E64FED.html#GUID-FEC87C0B-7276-4152-8EAA-915305E64FED

::質問:: 15 Which method is supported for backing up the virtual machine that contains vCenter Server?
A. differential B. incremental C. full image
D. individual disks
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.install.doc% 2FGUID-539B47B4-114B-49BC-9736-F14058127ECA.html

::質問:: 16 A vSphere Administrator must ensure that a user is able to view and manage the system configuration in vSphere Web Client.
In the vCenter Single Sign-On domain, which group should the user be a part of?
A. SystemConfiguration.BashShellAdministrators B. ComponentManager. Administrators C. Administrators D. SystemConfiguration.Administrators
Correct Answer: D Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.security.doc% 2FGUID-87DA2F34-DCC9-4DAB-8900-1BA35837D07E.html

::質問:: 17 What is the minimum number of hosts that must contribute capacity to a non-ROBO single site VMware vSAN cluster?
A. 1 B. 64 C. 3 D. 2
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation:
A minimum of three hosts must contribute capavity to non-ROBO single site.

::質問:: 18 What three conditions could result in VMware Flash Read Cache being unable to claim a disk? (Choose three.)
A. The disk is not listed in the VMware hardware compatibility guide. B. The disk is not detected as an SSD. C. The disk is not detected as local. D. The disk is in use by VMFs.
Correct Answer: BCD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do? language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=2065563

::質問:: 19 Boot from SAN is supported on which three storage technologies? (Choose three.)
A. VMware vSAN B. FCoE C. NFS 4.1 D. iSCSI E. FC
Correct Answer: BDE Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-51/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenterserver-51-storage-guide.pdf

::質問:: 20 Which two components are part of storage I/O multipathing on ESXi? (Choose two.)
A. SATP B. VASA C. PSP D. VAAI
Correct Answer: AC Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: The NMP associates a set of physical paths with a specific storage device, or LUN. The specific details of handling path failover for a given storage array are delegated to a Storage Array Type Plug-In (SATP). The specific details for determining which physical path is used to issue an I/O request to a storage device are handled by a Path Selection Plug-In (PSP). SATPs and PSPs are sub plug-ins within the NMP module. Reference https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-50/index.jsp?topic=% 2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.storage.doc_50%2FGUID-9DED1F73-7375-4957-BF69-41B56C3E5224.html

::質問:: 21 Which quest operating system supports PVRDMA?
A. Windows (32-Bit) B. Linux (32-Bit) C. Windows (64-Bit) D. Linux (64-Bit)
Correct Answer: D Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: The guest operating system that supports PVRDMA is Linux 64 bit.
Reference https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.networking.doc/GUID4A5EBD44-FB1E-4A83-BB47-BBC65181E1C2.html

::質問:: 22 Which two statements are true about Highly Available vSphere Auto Deploy infrastructure? (Choose two.)
A. It helps prevent data loss. B. It is a prerequisite for using vSphere Auto Deploy with stateful install. C. It requires two or more Auto Deploy servers. D. It is a prerequisite for using vSphere Auto Deploy with stateless caching.
Correct Answer: AD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-55/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.install.doc% 2FGUID-62A21FCF-5516-4444-8B38-110325839F75.html

::質問:: 23 What is the correct way to replace the certificate on an existing vCenter Server that is part of a vCenter HA configuration?
A. Put the vCenter HA in Maintenance mode, replace the certificate, exit Maintenance mode. B. Shut down Passive and Witness nodes and replace the certificate on the Active node. C. Remove the Passive and Witness nodes, replace the certificate, reconfigure the cluster. D. Replace the certificate while all nodes are participating in the cluster.
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: Edit the cluster configuration and select Remove. Delete the Passive node and the Witness node. On the Active node, which is now a standalone vCenter Server Appliance, replace the machine SSL Certificate with a custom certificate.
Reference https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.avail.doc/GUIDCDC20BD4-E0CE-45D9-B73B-9AA795DA5FDD.html

::質問:: 24 The virtual machine log rotation size can be changed for all VMs by which two interfaces? (Choose two.)
A. PowerCLI B. vSphere Web Client C. ESXi host client D. esxcli
Correct Answer: AB Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: http://buildvirtual.net/using-powercli-to-set-log-rotation-options-for-a-group-of-virtual-machines/

::質問:: 25 Which two configuration options can exclude virtual disks from snapshot operations? (Choose two.)
A. Use RDM in virtual mode for virtual disk. B. Use virtual disks in Independent – Persistent mode.
C. Use a virtual disk larger than 2 TB in size. D. Use RDM in physical mode for virtual disk.
Correct Answer: BD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: To exclude a virtual disk from snapshot operations, you have to set it to independent mode:
    power off the virtual machine    delete any existing snapshots before you change the disk mode    right-click the virtual machine and select “Edit settings”    select the hard disk you want to exclude from snapshots    change the mode to “Independent”
You have two options when you change the disk mode to independent:
Independent Persistent: Changes are written permanently to the disk (same behaviour like conventional disks)
Independent Nonpersistent: When you power off, reset or revert the virtual machine to a snapshot all changes to the disk are discarded! Using the nonpersistent mode enables you to restart a virtual machine with a virtual disk in the same state every time.
So if you do not want to loose data when changing the power state of the virtual machine, you should take care to use the Independent Persistent mode!
Reference http://www.running-system.com/how-to-exclude-a-dedicated-virtual-disk-from-snapshots/

::質問:: 26 The vSphere Data Protection performance analysis results in the “Conditionally Passed” status.
What can cause this condition?
A. The results did not meet the minimum performance expectations. B. The read, write, and seek tests were successful. C. The read and write tests were successful but the seek test failed. D. The read and write tests were successful but the seek test skipped.
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-65/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vmware-data-protectionadministration-guide-61.pdf (page 71)

::質問:: 27 A vSphere Administrator wants to reserve 0.5 Gbps for virtual machines on each uplink on a disturbed switch that has 10 uplinks.
What is the quota that should be reserved for the network resource pool?
A. 10 Gbps B. 5 Gbps C. 100 Gbps D. 0.5 Gbps
Correct Answer: B Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: If the virtual machine system traffic has 0.5 Gbps reserved on each 10 GbE uplink on a distributed switch that has 10 uplinks, then the total aggregated bandwidth available for VM reservation on this switch is 5 Gbps. Each network resource pool can reserve a quota of this 5 Gbps capacity. Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.networking.doc %2FGUID-8E957535-7969-4E12-BD11-DF746D6D5379.html

::質問:: 28 A vSphere administrator manages a cluster which includes critical and non-critical virtual machines. The cluster requires different permissions for contractors and non-contractors.
How can the administrator exclude the contractor group from some of the critical VMs?
A. Apply permission for both contractors and non-contractors on the cluster level. B. Apply permission for both contractors and non-contractors on the cluster level. Remove permission on the critical VMs for contractors. C. Remove permission for contractors on the cluster level. Apply permission on the critical VMs for noncontractors. D. Apply permission for both contractors and non-contractors on the VMs. Remove permission on the critical VMs for contractors.
Correct Answer: B Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: To exclude the contractor group simple apply permission for both contractors and non-contrators on the cluster level. After that, remove premission on the critical VMs for contractors.

::質問:: 29 Which two storage configurations on the source server are unsupported with VMware Converter? (Choose two.)
A. Linux LVM B. software RAID C. GPT/MBR hybrid disks D. Windows basic volumes E. Windows dynamic volumes
Correct Answer: BC Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do? language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=1016330

::質問:: 30 Which two statements about vCenter HA are correct? (Choose two.)
A. ESXi 5.5 or later is required. B. vCenter HA network latency between nodes must be less than 50 ms. C. NFS datastore is supported. D. It must be deployed on a 3 ESXi host cluster with DRS enabled.
Correct Answer: AC Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation:
Reference https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.avail.doc/GUID8FD87389-8CC9-4298-8B08-A1526FB44524.html

::質問:: 31 An attempt to delete NFS datastore from a ESXi host returns the error:
Sysinfo error on operation returned the following status: Busy
Which two statements could explain this failure? (Choose two.)
A. NFS datastore is a part of Storage DRS Cluster. B. NFS.VolumeRemountFrequency value is set to 30. C. Storage I/O Control is enabled on NFS datastore. D. NFS datastore has running or registered virtual machines.
Correct Answer: CD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: The busy status indicated that either storage I/O control is enabled on NFS datastore or the NFS datastore is running on registered virtual machines. In both cases, sysinfo error on operation will be returned with busy status.

::質問:: 32 A vSphere HA cluster with four hosts has admission control configured to tolerate one host failure.
Which statement is true if a fifth host is added?
A. CPU and Memory capacity will be set to 50%. B. CPU and Memory capacity will be set to 30%. C. CPU and Memory capacity will be set to 25%. D. CPU and Memory capacity will be set to 20%.
Correct Answer: D Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: Select the Percentage of Cluster Resources Reserved admission control policy. This policy offers the most flexibility in terms of host and virtual machine sizing. When configuring this policy, choose a percentage for CPU and memory that reflects the number of host failures you want to support. For example, if you want vSphere HA to set aside resources for two host failures and have ten hosts of equal capacity in the cluster, then specify 20%
Reference https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-51/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.avail.doc% 2FGUID-39731BEC-EB0C-48C9-813B-CAF9DE884FD5.html

::質問:: 33 Which command can be run to troubleshoot connectivity problems with vmkernal network interfaces?
A. esxcli network B. vmkping C. net-status D. vicfg-vmknic
Correct Answer: B Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: The vmkping command sources a ping from the local VMkernel port.
Reference https://kb.vmware.com/s/article/1003728

::質問:: 34 An administrator finds that the Microsoft Exchange virtual machines are exhibiting network latency.
What two in-guest changes can help decrease latency? (Choose two.)
A. LRO B. TSO C. SR-IOV D. RVRDMA
Correct Answer: AB Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: Using TSO and LRO on physical and virtual machine NICs improves the performance of ESX/ESXi hosts by reducing the CPU overhead for TCP/IP network operations. The host uses more CPU cycles to run applications.
If TSO is enabled on the transmission path, the NIC divides larger data chunks into TCP segments. If TSO is disabled, the CPU performs segmentation for TCP/IP.
TSO is referred to as LSO (Large Segment Offload or Large Send Offload) in the latest VMXNET3 driver attributes. 
LRO reassembles incoming network packets into larger buffers and transfers the resulting larger but fewer packets to the network stack of the host or virtual machine. The CPU has to process fewer packets than when LRO is disabled, which reduces its utilization for networking.
Reference https://kb.vmware.com/s/article/2055140

::質問:: 35 Which two types of iSCSI adapters require VMkernel networking configuration? (Choose two.)
A. dependent hardware B. in-guest C. software D. independent hardware
Correct Answer: AC Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-55/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.storage.doc% 2FGUID-C476065E-C02F-47FA-A5F7-3B3F2FD40EA8.html

::質問:: 36 What counter should an administrator check to determine if a virtual machine is ballooning?
A. swapinRate B. vmmemctltarget C. swapped D. vmmemctl
Correct Answer: D Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://www.vmware.com/support/developer/vc-sdk/visdk41pubs/ApiReference/ memory_counters.html

::質問:: 37 Which two statements are true for NFS v4.1 firewall behavior? (Choose two.)
A. It closes port 2049. B. It sets allowed. All flag to TRUE. C. It sets allowed. All flag to FALSE. D. It opens port 2049.
Correct Answer: BD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.storage.doc% 2FGUID-70686ADB-961A-46BD-B814-48DCF6C5E34B.html

::質問:: 38 By default, how often is the vCenter vpx user password automatically changed?
A. 15 days B. 60 days C. 30 days D. 45 days
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-51/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.security.doc% 2FGUID-96210743-0C17-4AE9-89FC-76778EC9D06E.html

::質問:: 39 Which metric in the Exhibit would identify high latency for a storage device?
A. QAVG/cmd B. KAVG/cmd C. DAVG/cmd D. GAVG/cmd
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://blogs.vmware.com/vsphere/2012/05/troubleshooting-storage-performance-in-vspherepart-1-the-basics.html

::質問:: 40 What VM Monitoring setting would ensure that the failure interval for a virtual machine is defined as 120 seconds?
A. High B. Normal C. Low D. Medium
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-50/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.avail.doc_50% 2FGUID-62B80D7A-C764-40CB-AE59-752DA6AD78E7.html

::質問:: 41 A vSphere Administrator attempts to enable Fault Tolerance for a virtual machine but receives the following error:
Secondary VM could not be powered on as there are no compatible hosts that can accommodate it.
What two options could cause this error? (Choose two.)
A. The other ESXi host(s) are in Maintenance Mode. B. Hardware virtualization is not enabled on the other ESXi host(s). C. The other ESXi host(s) are in Quarantine Mode. D. Hardware MMU is enabled on the other ESXi host(s).
Correct Answer: AB Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference https://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do? language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=1008950

::質問:: 42 The business managers have asked the IT administrator to ensure configuration compliance in the vSphere infrastructure. The IT administrator wants to use Host Profiles to accomplish this, but is unable to do so.
Why is the administrator unable to use Host Profiles?
A. The infrastructure uses a vSphere Standard license. B. The infrastructure has servers with various CPU families. C. The user has only the “Administrator” role. D. Host Profiles apply only to storage settings.
Correct Answer: A Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: The administrator is unable to use host profiles because host profiles are not supported with vSphere standard license. For host profile, you need vsphere Enterprise plus license.
Reference https://communities.vmware.com/thread/542887

::質問:: 43 What is the result of a “Consolidate” action on a virtual machine?
A. All snapshots on the virtual machines will be deleted. B. The virtual machine will be reverted to its last snapshot. C. Redundant delta disks will be combined and deleted. D. A new snapshot with memory state will be created.
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: When initiating a snapshot delete action, the delta disk changes are then written to the base or parent VMDK file and the snapshot is deleted. With vSphere 5, a new option called consolidate was introduced. The purpose of consolidate is if the snapshot deletion process was not successful. In the past there were incidents where a user would initiate a snapshot deletion thinking the snapshot got deleted, yet to find out later that that’s not the case. With the consolidation option, when you initiate a snapshot deletion, if the snapshot fails to delete, the VM will then generate a warning letting you know that a consolidation is required. You would then run the snapshot consolidation option and the snapshot would get committed. Reference https://communities.vmware.com/thread/480190

::質問:: 44 A Telco customer is implementing NFV using vSphere as the virtualization platform.
Which feature can help achieve a high packet rate with lower CPU consumption?
A. Network I/O Control B. SplitRX C. ERSPAN D. LACP
Correct Answer: B Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: SplitRx mode will typically improve throughput and maximum packet rates.

::質問:: 45 Storage capabilities be populated in what two ways? (Choose two.)
A. The administrator can use tags to describe capabilities. B. Default capabilities are provided by vCenter Server. C. Datastores can advertise their capabilities through VAAI. D. Datastores can advertise their capabilities through VASA.
Correct Answer: AD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: http://cormachogan.com/2015/02/17/vsphere-6-0-storage-features-part-5-virtual-volumes/

::質問:: 46 What is the VMware-recommended best practice for Fibre Channel zoning?
A. soft zoning B. single-initiator-multiple-target zoning C. single-initiator zoning D. single-initiator-single-target zoning
Correct Answer: D Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-55/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.storage.doc% 2FGUID-E7818A5D-6BD7-4F51-B4BA-EFBF2D3A8357.html

::質問:: 47 How can a vSphere administrator ensure that a set of virtual machines run on different hosts in a DRS cluster?
A. Use a VM-Host affinity rule. B. Add the VMs to a vApp. C. Use a VM-VM affinity rule. D. Place the VMs in different folders.
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: A VM-VM affinity rule specifies whether selected individual virtual machines should run on the same host or be kept on separate hosts. This type of rule is used to create affinity or anti-affinity between individual virtual machines that you select.
Reference https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-51/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.resmgmt.doc% 2FGUID-94FCC204-115A-4918-9533-BFC588338ECB.html

::質問:: 48 In network troubleshooting it is important to know what upstream switch the ESXi host is connected to.
Which two features does ESXi provide to help identity the upstream switch? (Choose two.)
A. Promiscuous mode B. DPM C. LLDP D. CDP
Correct Answer: CD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: http://www.vmware.com/content/dam/digitalmarketing/vmware/en/pdf/support/landing-pages/ virtual-support-day-best-practices-virtual-networking-june-2012.pdf

::質問:: 49 vCenter Server Appliance Instance can be backed up using which Client Interface?
A. vSphere Client Interface B. vSphere Web Client Interface C. VMware Host Client Interface D. Virtual Appliance Management Interface
Correct Answer: D Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.install.doc% 2FGUID-539B47B4-114B-49BC-9736-F14058127ECA.html

::質問:: 50
Virtual Volumes supports which three VMware features? (Choose three.)
A. Instant Clones B. Distributed Resource Scheduler C. Linked Clones D. vMotion E. Storage Distributed Resource Scheduler
Correct Answer: BCD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do? language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=2113013

::質問:: 51 What tool can capture network traffic at the uplinks, or vSwitch, or virtual port levels?
A. tcpdump-uw B. wireshark C. pktcap-uw D. pcap
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: http://www.vmwarearena.com/how-to-capture-network-trafficpacket-on-esxi-hosts/

::質問:: 52 vSphere DRS helps to balance virtual machines with available resources in a vSphere cluster.
What three types of resources can be taken into account for balancing? (Choose three.)
A. CPU B. physical NIC saturation of an ESXi host C. virtual NIC saturation of a virtual machine D. RAM E. storage latency
Correct Answer: ABD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation:
Balancing is all about computing resources like CPU, RAM and physical NIC saturation. Vsphere DRS uses CPU, RAM and NIC to load balance virtual machines with available resources.

::質問:: 53 Which three design requirements must be satisfied to enable RAID-6 objects in a VMware vSAN cluster? (Choose three.)
A. vSAN Advanced license or higher B. vSAN stretched cluster C. at least six hosts contributing storage
D. deduplication and compression E. All Flash configuration
Correct Answer: ACE Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: http://cormachogan.com/2016/02/15/vsan-6-2-part-2-raid-5-and-raid-6-configurations/

::質問:: 54 Which storage feature always requires the use of third-party software on ESXi?
A. Hardware Acceleration for NAS devices B. VVOL C. Hardware Acceleration for Block Devices D. VM Storage Policies
Correct Answer: A Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: With the hardware acceleration, ESXi hosts can integrate with NAS devices and use several hardware operations that NAS storage provides. The hardware acceleration uses vSphere APIs for Array Integration (VAAI) to facilitate communications between the hosts and storage devices.
Reference https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.storage.doc/GUIDF0FA0117-D48F-4F6F-BE3F-A06BF26F742C.html

::質問:: 55 Which is required for configuring iSCSI Software Adapter network port binding?
A. VMkernel of the iSCSI traffic must be load balanced using Route based on IP Hash algorithm. B. VMkernel of the iSCSI traffic must be load balanced using Route based on Source Virtual Port ID algorithm. C. VMkernel of the iSCSI traffic must be load balanced using Route based on Source MAC Hash algorithm. D. VMkernel of the iSCSI traffic must be bound to only one active network adapter.
Correct Answer: D Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: (…) ensure each vmkernel port has a unique active adapter.
Reference: https://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do? language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=2045040

::質問:: 56 In vSphere Data Protection 6.1, which is the function of a Backup Verification job?
A. None. Backup Verification job is not a feature of vSphere Data Protection B. It is a manual task - Power it on - Verify the guest OS - Check started applications
C. It is an automatic process - Restore a virtual machine - Power it on - Verify that the guest OS is booted by communicating with the Backup Verification agent D. It is an automatic process - Restore a virtual machine - Power it on - Verify that the guest OC is booted by detecting the VMware ToolsTM "heartbeats"
Correct Answer: D Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: http://www.vmware.com/content/dam/digitalmarketing/vmware/en/pdf/vsphere/vmwarevspheredata-protection-overview.pdf (page 11)

::質問:: 57 Which three requirements are needed to apply RAID 5 or RAID 6 erasure coding on a vSAN 6.2 or 6.5 object? (Choose three.)
A. on Disk Format 3.0 B. Hybrid vSAN C. All Flash vSAN D. vSAN Advanced License E. Stretched Cluster Configurations
Correct Answer: ACD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: RAID 5 or RAID 6 Design Considerations for Virtual SAN:
RAID 5 or RAID 6 erasure coding is available only on all-flash disk groups. On-disk format version 3.0 or later is required to support RAID 5 or RAID 6. Need valid license to enable RAID 5/6 on a cluster. RAID 5/6 is not supported on stretched VSAN clusters. Enable deduplication and compression on the Virtual SAN cluster to achieve additional space savings.

::質問:: 58 An administrator has enabled vSphere Distributed Switch Health Check. The hosts connected to that Distributed Switch all display an alert: vSphere Distributed Switch MTU supported status
The administrator has all of the VMkernel ports MTU sizes set to 1600.
Which action will remedy this problem?
A. Configure the Distributed Switch to MTU 9100. B. Disconnect and reconnect the physical network cable. C. Configure the physical switch to MTU 1600. D. Disable the Distributed Switch MTU.
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation:
You can increase the MTU size up to 9000 bytes. Therefore, a MTU of 9100 is not supported. The MTU configured in the VDS must match the physical switch configured MTU.
Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.networking.doc/GUID53F968D9-2F91-41DA-B7B2-48394D997F2A.html

::質問:: 59 An administrator sees the following error in the log files:
Which two events could be the source of the error message? (Choose two.)
A. vCenter Server failure B. VXLAN failure C. Disk array failure D. Network failure E. ESXi host failure
Correct Answer: CD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: To determine why the heartbeat, I/O operations never complete: Note the date/time when the lost access to volume message was reported and check the ESXi host logs for related information. Verify that there are no connectivity issues between the ESXi host and the storage device.
Reference: https://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do? language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=2136081

::質問:: 60 Which Host Profile Subprofile configuration is used to configure firewall settings for ESXi hosts?
A. Advanced Configuration Settings B. General System Settings C. Security D. Networking
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: In the Web Client interface, you’ll find the firewall configuration under the Security and Services folder of a host profile.

::質問:: 61 An administrator is attempting to access an ESXi host via the DCUI but is unable to do so. Which could be two possible causes? (Choose two.)
A. The host in 
::質問:: has no out-of-band management capability (i.e. iLO/iDRAC). B. The SSH service is disabled on the host. C. Strict lockdown mode is enabled on the host. D. Normal lockdown mode is enabled and the administrator is a member of the Exception User list.
E. The DCUI service is disabled on the host.
Correct Answer: CE Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://blogs.vmware.com/vsphere/2015/03/vsphere-6-0-lockdown-modes.html

::質問:: 62 Where would a vSphere administrator find general vCenter Server logs on a vCenter Server Appliance?
A. /var/log/vmware/vpxd/ B. /var/log/messages C. /etc/vmware-vpx/ D. /var/log/vmware/vsan-health/
Correct Answer: A Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: The VMware vCenter Server Appliance 6.0 logs are located in the /var/log/vmware/ folder.
vpxd/vpxd.log –> The main vCenter Serverlog
Reference: https://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do? language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=2110014

::質問:: 63 Which two permissions are required to migrate a virtual machine with Storage vMotion? (Choose two.)
A. Network > Move Network B. Virtual Machine > Inventory > Move C. Resource > Migrate powered on virtual machine D. Datastore > Allocate Space
Correct Answer: CD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: You require these permissions to perform Storage vMotion from the Remote Command Line Interface (RCLI): Resource > Migrate Resource > Relocate Datastore > Allocate Space
Reference: https://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do? language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=1011345

::質問:: 64 An administrator wishes to enable network port mirroring based on source port. Which feature should be enabled?
A. vSphere standard switch port B. ERSPAN C. NSX Virtual Wire
D. VLAN
Correct Answer: D Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: Enter a valid VLAN ID in the field. This information is required for Remote Mirroring Source port mirroring sessions.
Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.networking.doc/GUID81309F10-D7FF-447C-9D35-58CA3DDA53B1.html

::質問:: 65 Which are three supported storage requirements for vCenter Server HA? (Choose three.)
A. NFS B. RDM C. vSAN D. VMFS E. JBOD
Correct Answer: ACD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: vCenter HA is supported and tested with VMFS, NFS, and vSAN datastores.
Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.avail.doc/GUID8FD87389-8CC9-4298-8B08-A1526FB44524.html

::質問:: 66 Which are the two network requirements for a VMware vSAN 6.5 cluster? (Choose two.)
A. Multicast must be enabled on the physical switches and routers that handle vSAN traffic. B. vSAN requires IPv6 only. C. All hosts must have a dedicated 40GbE NIC. D. The vSAN network supported IPv4 or IPv6. E. vSAN requires IPv4 only.
Correct Answer: AD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: The vSAN network supports both IPv4 and IPv6.
Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.virtualsan.doc/GUIDAFF133BC-F4B6-4753-815F-20D3D752D898.html http://cormachogan.com/2014/01/21/vsan-part-15-multicast-requirement-for-networking-misconfigurationdetected/

::質問:: 67 Which CLI command shows the physical uplink status for a vmnic?
A. esxcli network ip connection list
B. esxcli network ip neighbor list C. esxcli network nic get D. esxcli network nic list
Correct Answer: D Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://vdc-repo.vmware.com/vmwb-repository/dcr-public/26334f54-ee84-47c2-b2f3901f51cbc98a/d3f55719-4d3f-47c4-a3c5-fe9c7e5a67f6/doc/esxcli_network.html

::質問:: 68 Which three prerequisites must be in place prior to enabling secure boot for a virtual machine? (Choose three.)
A. VirtualMachine.Config.Settings privileges B. an encrypted USB drive C. Virtual Hardware version 13 or later D. Virtual Hardware version 12 or later E. EFI firmware
Correct Answer: ACE Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: Verify that the virtual machine operating system and firmware support UEFI boot.
EFI firmware
Virtual hardware version 13 or later.
Operating system that supports UEFI secure boot.
You need VirtualMachine.Config.Settings privileges to enable or disable UEFI secure boot for the virtual machine.
Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.security.doc/GUID898217D4-689D-4EB5-866C-888353FE241C.html

::質問:: 69 Which is the maximum number of block devices (LUNs) that are supported by ESXi hosts that are running version 6.5?
A. 1024 B. 512 C. 2048 D. 256
Correct Answer: B Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: LUNs per server 512
Reference: https://www.vmware.com/pdf/vsphere6/r65/vsphere-65-configuration-maximums.pdf

::質問:: 70 A user is given the "Virtual machine user (sample)" role in a vSphere 6.x environment. Which three permissions would the user be able to perform? (Choose three.)
A. Reset a virtual machine. B. Power on a virtual machine. C. Move a host into a cluster. D. Configure CD media. E. Migrate a virtual machine with Storage vMotion.
Correct Answer: ABD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: A set of privileges to allow the user to interact with a virtual machine’s console, insert media, and perform power operations.

::質問:: 71 When performing a vCenter Server 5.5 for Windows with Microsoft SQL Server Express database migration to vCenter Server Appliance 6.5, which will be the target database?
A. Microsoft SQL Server Express 2012R2 B. Microsoft SQL Server Standard 2012R2 C. PostgreSQL D. Oracle DB 11g
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: The vCenter Server 6.0 embedded Microsoft SQL Server Express database is replaced with an embedded PostgreSQL database during the upgrade to vCenter Server 6.5. The maximum inventory size that applied for Microsoft SQL Server Express still applies for PostgreSQL.
Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-65-upgradeguide.pdf

::質問:: 72 Which three are supported upgrade processes for ESXi host? (Choose three.)
A. using vSphere Auto Deploy B. using a TFTP server C. using Update Manager D. using an ESXCLI command E. installing from CIFS share
Correct Answer: ACD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-65-upgradeguide.pdf

::質問:: 73 When enabling Storage DRS on a datastore cluster, which three components are enabled as a result?
(Choose three.)
A. Space load balancing among datastore within the datastore cluster. B. Initial placement for virtual disks based on space and I/O workload. C. I/O load balancing among datastores within the datastore cluster. D. Queue Depth alerting on disks within the datastore cluster. E. Data de-duplication within the datastore cluster.
Correct Answer: ABC Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: When you enable Storage DRS, you enable these functions: Space load balancing among datastores within a datastore cluster I/O load balancing among datastores within a datastore cluster Initial placement for virtual disks based on space and I/O workload
Reference: https://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do? language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=2032910

::質問:: 74 An administrator has multiple vCenter Server 6.5 systems but cannot enable Storage I/O Control (SIOC) on a datastore shared by ESXi hosts managed by the vCenter Server systems.
Which action should the administrator take to resolve the issue?
A. Unmount the datastore and then enable SIOC on the vCenter Server system. B. Configure the datastore to be managed by a single vCenter Server system. C. Configure Storage DRS and then enable SIOC on the vCenter Server system. D. Enable Raw Device Mapping (RDM) on the ESXi hosts.
Correct Answer: B Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: Datastores that are Storage I/O Control-enabled must be managed by a single vCenter Server system
Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.resmgmt.doc/GUID37CC0E44-7BC7-479C-81DC-FFFC21C1C4E3.html

::質問:: 75 What are two features introduced in Network I/O Control version 3? (Choose two.)
A. Bandwidth reservation per traffic type B. Network resource pools C. CoS tagging D. Bandwidth guarantee to virtual machines
Correct Answer: AD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: Version 3 of the Network I/O Control feature offers improved network resource reservation and allocation
across the entire switch.
Models for Bandwidth Resource Reservation
Network I/O Control version 3 supports separate models for resource management of system traffic related to infrastructure services, such as vSphere Fault Tolerance, and of virtual machines.
The two traffic categories have different nature. System traffic is strictly associated with an ESXi host. The network traffic routes change when you migrate a virtual machine across the environment. To provide network resources to a virtual machine regardless of its host, in Network I/O Control you can configure resource allocation for virtual machines that is valid in the scope of the entire distributed switch.
Bandwidth Guarantee to Virtual Machines
Network I/O Control version 3 provisions bandwidth to the network adapters of virtual machines by using constructs of shares, reservation and limit. Based on these constructs, to receive sufficient bandwidth, virtualized workloads can rely on admission control in vSphere Distributed Switch, vSphere DRS and vSphere HA
Reference https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.0/com.vmware.vsphere.networking.doc/GUID98E0B3C2-52A7-4CAB-A839-4DA82A9F6D3A.html

::質問:: 76 “OneAppServer” is a VM template stored in a content library named “LibraryOne”, but the vSphere administrator is not able to use this template for deployment.
Why is the administrator unable to deploy OneAppServer?
A. OneAppServer must be updated before it can be deployed. B. LibraryOne is a subscribed library and OneAppServer is not downloaded yet. C. LibraryOne is published and optimized for syncing over HTTP. D. OneAppServer was imported from a local file on the system.
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: The administrator is unable to deploy OneAppServer because LibraryOne is publish and optimized for syncing over HTTP. If the syncing is enabled, you cannot use this template for deployment.

::質問:: 77 A security officer has issued a new directive that users will no longer have access to change connected network adapters to limit denial of service on a virtual machine.
Which two correct virtual machine advanced configuration parameters will accomplish this? (Choose two.)
A. isolation.device.edit.disable = “FALSE” B. isolation.device.edit.disable = “TRUE” C. isolation.device.connectable.disable = “FALSE” D. isolation.device.connectable.disable = “TRUE”
Correct Answer: BD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-51/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.security.doc% 2FGUID-F88A5FED-552B-44F9-A168-C62D9306DBD6.html

::質問:: 78
An administrator sets the Failover Capacity for both CPU and Memory at 25%. 
Based on the Exhibit below, how much of the cluster’s total CPU resources are still available to power on additional virtual machines?
A. 45% B. 25% C. 70% D. 60%
Correct Answer: A Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-50/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.avail.doc_50% 2FGUID-FAFEFEFF-56F7-4CDF-A682-FC3C62A29A95.html

::質問:: 79 Which three statements are correct regarding booting an ESXi Host from Fibre Channel SAN? (Choose three.)
A. Direct connect topology is supported. B. Each host must have its own boot LUN. C. ESXi hosts do not require local storage. D. Multipathing to a boot LUN on an active-passive array is supported. E. Hosts can share one common boot LUN.
Correct Answer: ABC Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.storage.doc/GUID8FAD881D-7A00-43C9-AB69-66DC7816968C.html

::質問:: 80 Which statement applies to the vSphere Replication appliance?
A. Only one vSphere Replication appliance can be deployed per vCenter Server instance. B. VMware Tools in the vSphere Replication appliance can be upgraded. C. A single vSphere Replication appliance can manage a maximum of 4000 replications. D. vSphere Replication is available only with the vSphere Essentials Plus license.
Correct Answer: A Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/vSphere-Replication/6.5/vsphere-replication-65-install.pdf

::質問:: 81 The storage vendor recommends adjusting the Fibre Channel HBA queue depth to resolve a performance problem.
Which esxcli namespace can a vSphere Administrator use to adjust the queue depth?
A. esxcli system module parameters B. esxcli storage core device C. esxcli system module set D. esxcli storage core adapter
Correct Answer: B Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: http://www.virten.net/2016/11/vmware-esxi-6-5-esxcli-command-reference/

::質問:: 82 Which statements regarding datastore clusters meets VMware’s recommended best practices?
A. Clusters should contain only datastores presented from the same storage array. B. Clusters should contain only datastores with equal hardware acceleration capability. C. Clusters should contain only datastores with the same capacity. D. Clusters should contain only datastores using the same connection method (iSCSI, FC, etc.).
Correct Answer: B Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/5.5/com.vmware.vsphere.resmgmt.doc/GUID34A10B42-C79E-491C-A5AA-99E3B5FA2278.html

::質問:: 83 Which two tasks should a vSphere administrator perform if the vmkernel log reports VMFS metadata errors? (Choose two.)
A. contact VMware technical support B. reformat the datastore C. check the device with VOMA D. ignore the messages
Correct Answer: AC Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: To check metadata consistency, run VOMA from the CLI of an ESXi host. VOMA can be used to check and fix metadata inconsistency issues for a VMFS datastore or a virtual flash resource. To resolve errors reported by VOMA, consult VMware Support. Reference https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.0/com.vmware.vsphere.troubleshooting.doc/ GUID-6F991DB5-9AF0-4F9F-809C-B82D3EED7DAF.html

::質問:: 84 Which two statements are true for a vCenterServer user account that is used for vSphere Data Protection (VDP)? (Choose two.)
A. The user account must be assigned with Administrator role. B. The password for the user account cannot contain spaces. C. The user account should be created in the Single Sign-On domain D. The user account cannot inherit required permissions from a group role.
Correct Answer: AB Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: For the vCenter server account used for vSphere data protection, the user account must have administrator role and the password for the user account should not contain spaces.
Reference https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/vmware-data-protection-administration-guide61.pdf

::質問:: 85 Which three storage protocols are supported by Virtual Volumes? (Choose three.) 
A. FCIP B. FCoE C. iSCSI D. NFS v3 E. NFS v4
Correct Answer: BCD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: Virtual Volumes supports NFS version 3 and 4.1, iSCSI, Fibre Channel, and FCoE.
 
Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.storage.doc/GUIDAAA99054-4D81-49F8-9927-65E9B08577AD.html 

::質問:: 86
A vSphere administrator observes a CPU spike on one of the web servers (view the Exhibit.)
 
Which two statements can describe the cause of this activity? (Choose two.)
A. The network packet size is too large. B. VMware Tools is not installed. C. Disk latency is present on the datastore. D. The network packet size is too small. 
Correct Answer: CD Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference:
 

::質問:: 87 What VM Monitoring setting would ensure that the maximum reset window for a virtual machine is 24 hours?
A. Medium B. Low C. High D. Normal
Correct Answer: A Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation There are 3 built in presets (Low, Medium & High) and the option to select custom settings for any of these options.

 Reference: https://blogs.vmware.com/vsphere/2014/03/vsphere-ha-vm-monitoring-back-basics.html

::質問:: 88 What is the default space threshold for vSphere Storage DRS? 
A. 80% B. 70% C. 90% D. 95%
Correct Answer: A Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: Storage DRS dynamically balance the Storage DRS cluster imbalance based on Space and IO threshold set. Default space threshold per datastore is 80% and default IO latency threshold is 15ms.
 
Reference: https://kb.vmware.com/s/article/2149938 

::質問:: 89 Which is the correct sequence to upgrade a vSphere infrastructure? 
A. vCenter Server>ESXi host> VMware Tools>VM compatibility B. ESXi host>vCenter Server> VMware Tools>VM compatibility C. vCenter host> ESXi host> VM compatibility> VMware Tools D. ESXi host>vCenter Server> VM compatibility>VMware Tools
Correct Answer: A Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Reference: https://kb.vmware.com/s/article/1010675 

::質問:: 90 An administrator has a large boot from SAN cluster and wants to ensure consistent configuration by using host profiles.
 
What special considerations are required for boot from SAN hosts?
A. Change the “Device is shared clusterwide” setting to “false” in the host profile. B. Verify that the boot LUN is correctly identified as the boot device in the host profile. C. The boot from SAN device must report as a local device.
D. Host profiles are incompatible with boot from SAN hosts.
Correct Answer: B Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference:
 

::質問:: 91 When using VMware Converter to import a Windows server and improve the consistency of the destination virtual machine, which optional step can be performed immediately prior to powering down the source server? 
A. Perform a final synchronization task. B. Remove the server from the network. C. Uninstall production applications. D. Remove the server from the Active Directory domain.
Correct Answer: A Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference:
 

::質問:: 92 Restoration of the vCenter Server Appliance is accomplished using which interface? 
A. vSphere Web Client B. vSphere Client C. vCenter Server ApplianceManagement Interface D. vCenter Server ApplianceGUI Installer 
Correct Answer: C Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation You can also perform a restore operation by deploying a new vCenter Server Appliance and using the vCenter Server Appliance management interface to copy the data from the file-based backup to the new appliance. Reference: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.install.doc/GUID3EAED005-B0A3-40CF-B40D-85AD247D7EA4.html 

::質問:: 93 When attempting to migrate a virtual machine to another host in the same cluster, the error message, “Select a valid compute resource” returns.
 
What could cause this error? 
A. Both hosts run different versions of ESXi. B. Both hosts are not sharing the same datastore. C. VMware Tools is not installed. D. Virtual machine has an ISO attached.
Correct Answer: B Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference:
 

::質問:: 94 Which three operations can cause VMFS metadata updates? (Choose three.) 
A. Restarting a VM using the guest OS. B. Launching a VM console. C. Migrating a VM with vMotion. D. Powering a VM on or off. E. Expanding a VMFS datastore. 
Correct Answer: CDE Section: (none) Explanation
Explanation/Reference: Explanation: Metadata is updated each time you perform datastore or virtual machine management operations. Examples of operations requiring metadata updates include the following:
 
•    Creating, growing, or locking a virtual machine file •    Changing a file's attributes •    Powering a virtual machine on or off •    Creating or deleting a VMFS datastore •    Expanding a VMFS datastore •    Creating a template •    Deploying a virtual machine from a template •    Migrating a virtual machine with vMotion
 
Reference: https://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-50/index.jsp?topic=% 2Fcom.vmware.vsphere.storage.doc_50%2FGUID-7A385576-9434-432E-92C4-51E26A4761AA.html 